README.md, before:

# hello-world
to deal a crushing blow！


First, let me write someting for memory:
Four score and seven years age, our father brought forth on this continent a new nation , consived in liberty, and dedicated to the preposation that all man are created equal . Now we are engaged in a great civil war , testing whether that nation , or any nation so consived and so dedicated can long wndoor. We are meet on a great battle filed if that war, we have come to dedicate a potion of that fild as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that nation might live.It is already fitting and proper that we shoud do this!
But in a larger sence, we can not dedicate, we can not cinsecreat, we can not hallow this ground. The brave man, living and dead, who strugled here, have consecreated it, far abrove our poor power to add or ditract. The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what we did here.
It is for us, the living, rather to be dedicated to the unfinished work which they who here have thus far so nobily advanced. That we here heighly resolve that these honerd dead shill not have dead in vain.

Commit message:

完成篇
完成了 第一个项目的 read me // finish the 'read me' of the first projetc.

README.md, after:

# hello-world
to deal a crushing blow！

Before all I will write someting for memory to make a vaw:
Four score and seven years age, our father brought forth on this continent a new nation , consived in liberty, and dedicated to the preposation that all man are created equal . Now we are engaged in a great civil war , testing whether that nation , or any nation so consived and so dedicated can long wndoor. We are meet on a great battle filed if that war, we have come to dedicate a potion of that fild as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that nation might live.It is already fitting and proper that we shoud do this!
But in a larger sence, we can not dedicate, we can not cinsecreat, we can not hallow this ground. The brave man, living and dead, who strugled here, have consecreated it, far abrove our poor power to add or ditract. The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what we did here.
It is for us, the living, rather to be dedicated to the unfinished work which they who here have thus far so nobily advanced. 
It is ranther for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us -- that from these hornerd dead we take increasing devotion -- that we here heighly resolve that these hornerd dead shill not have dead in vain -- that this nation, under god, shill have a new birth of freedom -- and that goverment of the people, by the people, for the people, shill not parish from the earth!
